docs(tekton): updated images (#606)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/tekton/README.md

1. Go to the **CI/CD** tab.

   The **CI/CD** tab displays the latest `PipelineRun` resources associated with a Kubernetes cluster. The resources include tasks to complete. When you hover the mouse pointer on a task card, you can view the steps to complete that particular task.

   ![ci-cd-tab-tekton](./images/tekton-plugin-user1.png)

   There is also a **GO TO TEKTON** option at the bottom, which redirects you to the **TEKTON** tab.

1. Click **GO TO TEKTON** or select the **TEKTON** tab on the entity view page.

   The **TEKTON** tab contains the list of pipeline runs related to a cluster. The list contains pipeline run details, such as **NAME**, **STATUS**, **TASK STATUS**, **STARTED**, and **DURATION**.
   
   ![usertekton-tab](./images/tekton-plugin-user2.png)

> 

Reviewer: Please remove the empty line at the end of the file to make it pass the CI,

or run `yarn prettier:fix` locally to fix it automatically.

Author: I did run the command, but it's showing the following error. Not sure, if I'm doing something wrong:

heenamanwani@hmanwani-mac backstage-plugins % yarn prettier:fix
yarn run v1.22.19
$ prettier --write .
[error] Invalid configuration for file "/Users/heenamanwani/Documents/repos/backstage-plugins/.eslintrc.js":
[error] Cannot find module '@spotify/prettier-config'
[error] Require stack:
[error] - /Users/heenamanwani/Documents/repos/backstage-plugins/.prettierrc.js
[error] - /usr/local/lib/node_modules/prettier/internal/internal.mjs
error Command failed with exit code 2.
info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/run for documentation about this command.

1. Go to the **CI/CD** tab.

   The **CI/CD** tab displays the latest `PipelineRun` resources associated with a Kubernetes cluster. The resources include tasks to complete. When you hover the mouse pointer on a task card, you can view the steps to complete that particular task.

   ![ci-cd-tab-tekton](./images/tekton-plugin-user1.png)

   There is also a **GO TO TEKTON** option at the bottom, which redirects you to the **TEKTON** tab.

1. Click **GO TO TEKTON** or select the **TEKTON** tab on the entity view page.

   The **TEKTON** tab contains the list of pipeline runs related to a cluster. The list contains pipeline run details, such as **NAME**, **STATUS**, **TASK STATUS**, **STARTED**, and **DURATION**.

   ![tekton-tab](./images/tekton-plugin-user2.png)

> 1. Select a PipelineRun to view the related resources with a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click on a PipelineRun name to view the PipelineRun visualization.
```

Author: Done, changed the sentence as follows:

Click a PipelineRun name in the list to view the PipelineRun visualization.

   The **TEKTON** tab contains the list of pipeline runs related to a cluster. The list contains pipeline run details, such as **NAME**, **STATUS**, **TASK STATUS**, **STARTED**, and **DURATION**.

>     ![tekton-tab](./images/tekton-plugin-user2.png)

Reviewer 3: job is failing https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/actions/runs/5877416693/job/15937509561?pr=606 due to formatting issue from prettier for this

Author: Done

Author: The job is still failing
